Team 10 Project 3 Design Paradigm Analysis

For project three in which we decided to take on a Galaga remake, we found that the easiest way for us to code
this game in an efficient yet practical way would be through using the C++ language as well as using SFML which
allows us to print graphics on a window and update the screen without looking like the screen was constantly updating.
We used Object-Oriented design in this project by setting up multiple classes for the structure of our code. For example,
we have a “Player” and “Enemy” class that has their own respective files that come with them.  We didn’t set up any inheritance
classes for this project, but it isn’t a requirement for the design type we chose, and it also would not assist significantly
in the structure of how we approached the project. Inside our class structure, there is an example inside our player.h
file, a part of our player class. We created multiple private and public members/attributes with both functions and variables
that are just being stored. To prove that, here are four of our private members: int lives (stores amount of lives user
has left), circleShape shape (creates a circle that will be displayed on sceen), circleShape projectile (creates another
circle object), std::vector<CircleShape> projectiles (creates vector for our projectile system). Our player class also
has its own constructor, destructor, and public members such as void Shoot() which is our function for dealing with
the situation in which the player shoots a projectile at the enemy. Our methods in the program runs through these 
defined objects and the functions that these objects can reach. If there were no instances of the objects we created,
our game wouldn’t work and therefore is reliant on an object-orientated design. It is logical for that to be our design
as C++ is a language that uses this concept heavily. If we used a different language such as C or Haskell, it could have
been function-oriented design or aspect-oriented design if we were focusing more on documentation.